A crypto talk and a blockchain walk.
>> Crypto talk and a blockchain walk.
>> Yeah. This is the last one of ETH Denver
2026.
>> Oh, I can't believe it's over already.
>> What? So, you're a steward. Are what's
like are you like a key steward? Are you
the head steward? What's your
affiliation?
>> No, no. I'm uh I started as a volunteer
in 2020. I joined as a meta steward in
2021, became a steward in 2022. Uh in
2021 we uh created the the Sporkdow
board or summoned the Sporkdow board and
I'm on the board of stewards for
Sporkdow, the DAO that uh oversees kind
of operates, manages uh ETH Denver.
>> So I always just like equate this being
a super hectic, busy event for you and
you can finally breathe a sigh of relief
when it when it ends. But what does the
work cycle for Eat Denver look like for
you? like when when do you start working
on it again? Like are you already
thinking about 2027?
>> Um well, I don't want to mess with the
predictions markets for the the people
who keep saying the eat them is not
happen next year. Um yeah, the work
cycle I think we we get uh a few weeks
to kind of decompress and enjoy the
success and then it's right back to to
getting to work on uh making 2027
happen.
>> Yeah. Well, I think it's going to happen
again. I'm psyched. Uh number 10. Um,
>> yeah, we're going to definitely miss
right before the 10th anniversary.
>> Why was everyone shut down?
>> Why was everyone talking [__] this year?
>> Um, I think I I actually sent out a
tweet about this. I think it's a mix of
um FOMO, uh, jealousy, people who just
weren't able to be here.
>> Um, and I think there's a lot of like AI
bot scops. People are trying to, uh,
make Elon bucks by clout chasing. And
the most popular thing to do when
everyone's enjoying themselves at Eat
Denver is try to talk [__] And everyone
who's in the room is enjoying
themselves. It was very uh builder
focused,
>> intimate, high quality, high signal, low
noise. All the tourists left the
building.
>> Yeah, it was great.
>> I think the tourists are the ones who
are complaining from the outside. I
mean, I'm just gonna come out and say
having 15,000 18,000 plus attendees the
past couple years has really diluted my
experience of what Eat Denver was.
>> 18,000.
>> How many did we have last year?
>> Uh, so we count two different ways. So,
the turn style is like like somewhere in
the 44 45,000 range.
>> Oh, I'm underestimating.
>> No, no. Um, and then unique uh
individuals and a lot of people like
pass around badges and totally hard way
to get a head count, but individual
tickets redeemed.
>> Um, is in the 12 range.
>> Oh, 12. Okay. So, I don't know where I
was pulling that number out.
>> 18's pro close to like how many actually
come through the venue. And then we're
in somewhere in like the 25 to 30 range
when you count all the side events.
People who are like, I'm too cool to go
to the main venue.
>> But, uh, the economic impact actually
that we've estimated is close to a
quarter billion dollars now. amazing
>> for the city of Denver and surrounding
areas.
>> How do you how do you calculate that?
>> Hotels, flights, Ubers, restaurants. Um
our spend
>> Yeah.
>> with the venue over 9 years.
>> You actually coordinate with the hotels
and have relation or
>> Yeah, we've got relationships all
throughout town.
>> Try to keep prices down,
>> make it everything affordable. I mean,
Eth's main mission is try to make uh
Ethereum
approachable and easily accessible.
That's why the tickets are always free.
Yeah.
>> That's why we issue scholarships to
people who have to travel far.
Uh our visa applications were down like
crazy this year. So, people are talking
about
>> I wonder why
>> attendance being down and uh a lot of
the DMs are about um the Trump
administration and and ICE, you know,
murdering citizens and like I don't I
think I'll skip America this time. And
>> we were
>> there's nothing we can do about that.
>> We were both in Buenocidis for Eat Dev
Connect. Were you there when they
announced where the next event was going
to be?
>> I was. I was standing Yeah. right there
in the uh in that open air party that we
were having.
>> Yeah. So, right before uh they announced
it like they they like leaked will it be
America and people booed.
>> Nobody wants to travel here right now.
>> Yeah. Well, it's more expensive and
Ethereum is about accessibility and you
know the globaless of it and this is the
most expensive place in the world. You
could have it.
>> Yeah.
>> We turn around.
>> Yeah. Yeah. A little bit of
>> get the whole background. There we go.
Go on. Right. You get the
>> Well, we're too close for the mountains,
but we'll catch the mountains when we uh
when we get back toward the other
entrance. Um yeah, Europe is expensive.
Uh it's also difficult from a visa
perspective. Yeah.
>> Um America's always a little bit it's
usually more difficult and the Trump
administration's clamped down even more.
>> Mhm.
>> And so, uh
>> even less visas have been issued. Did
you feel the impact from the planning
perspective of the the diminished
international visitors beyond just like
getting DMs?
>> Um it it affects the size for sure. Um
it did affect uh sponsorships there.
This is the probably the lowest number
of like foreign European sponsors. This
is the I I'm joking. This is the most
American ETH Denver we've ever had.
>> You did it, Trump. Thank you.
Yeah, the crypto president. Thank you.
>> Yeah.
>> Um I keep joking whenever I meet
somebody who's like flown in from like
London or Australia or somewhere in
Europe, I'm like uh there's a few people
from South America that I've run into.
I'm like, "Thank you for being one of
the few international travelers who
braved
American customs to be part of this uh
innovation festival."
>> Yeah. So, look, there's pro there's all
sorts of negative things we can talk
about. I just want to thank you and the
team for putting on an event. I said
this to to John Per earlier that other
than 2020 which was my first ETH Denver.
Sorry for anyone who's watched these. I
thought it was 2019. I lied. It was
2020. This was probably my second
favorite ETH Denver.
>> Yeah.
>> Largely because of the access with
people that we had and the communic and
the communications that we were able to
have. And I also just like bare markets.
>> I think that well the chaotic energy is
gone.
>> Yeah. Um there was one of the questions
we had after last year was
about side event culture and how do we
keep people in the building
>> and that
kind of resolved itself this year. There
there was a there was a good side event
calendar and I attended some really good
events but for the most part people
stayed in the venue because that's where
all of the the best conversations were.
>> Dude, I felt it. Um, I was just seeing
OG community members from circa 2018,
2019. I was, every time I turned a
corner, I saw somebody from Colorado
that I knew or just somebody from
traveling abroad for the past couple
years. So, um, it was really nice. Do
you think that this is something you'll
be able to carry forward or was this
just kind of like capturing lightning in
a bottle?
>> No, not absolutely not. Um, we've had a
bunch of bare market eaters before. um
that the chord team does a fantastic
job. Uh if you remember, 2023 was our
first year in the new venue
>> and that was
>> it's probably considered uh the least
great one that we we've had. Um and I
think that has to do with being in a new
venue and kind of finding your footing
and understanding
all that the venue has to offer and the
layouts and what who's going to want to
be where. And this was our first year in
this new venue and it went way better
than
>> than 2023.
>> Yeah. Significantly better. And I think
we we understand this venue a lot better
and depending on the size and scope of
what we try to do next year. Um there
were there are bas uh buildings that are
adjacent to here that can be added on as
necessary. Um otherwise I think this is
a a fantastic addition here in the new
building.
>> Um was there anything benefit? I what I
really liked was just everybody being in
one location. Um was there anything else
other like this is a new building too.
It was just erected within the past
year.
>> We're actually the second tenants that
have ever thrown an event in here.
>> Yeah. So was there one thing that you
really appreciated about this versus the
old arena.
>> Um I know what you want me to say,
but I miss I miss the smell.
>> There we go. I miss the cow smell. you
you know people come from far and wide
to experience Americana and there's
nothing more Americana than uh cow poop.
>> Yeah,
>> it's a great native smell. Um
yeah, that no this this venue did not
did not have that. Um the bathrooms are
brand new. Like there's so many I mean
you're using a brand new building so
there's everything is great about it,
>> right?
>> Um next year it should probably be the
same because it's you know it'll be one
year old but
>> we'll Yeah. I don't know.
>> Well, um, other than logistics and
towing the company line, what was your
one favorite thing about this event this
year?
>> Uh,
my favorite thing about this year was
how we were able to keep everyone in the
building.
um the the programming the the way we
organized content was um less sporadic.
The stages were organized in themes so
people could, you know, they wanted to
learn about AI, they could sit at a
stage for hours and not have to worry
about missing something on the other
side of the building. Um and that sort
of
intimate cohesiveness
made for a really conducive experience
for for a lot of people. Um one of the
things people forget is that and I think
this is still true. I have to look at
the numbers for this year. Um but at
least 50% of Ethmber attendees are new.
>> Cool.
>> Fresh don't have a wallet and never been
to ETH Denver or an Ethereum event
before. I mean, it's very important for
the industry, for Ethereum, for Ethmber,
that they have a great experience
because this is our one shot at giving a
first impression of what our ecosystem
is about, what it's like.
>> Totally. Um, and I'm not gonna
[__] talk other conferences, but when
you're
>> when your first experience is, you know,
NFT traders trying to shield you some
hot garbage or
>> or corporal conference or be land
trading uh in like
the trenches.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh, and you take your your first $200 in
crypto and you gamble and you lose. like
>> that's not a great onboarding
experience. And that is not one of the
things that you can ask any Denver
attendee and 98 plus% of them are going
to say that nobody even asked them to
buy a thing.
>> Totally.
>> Their entire time here.
>> Awesome, dude. Well,
>> thank you for putting this on. Thank you
for your work. Can we get
>> I felt like we were on the West Wing.
>> Can we get a picture of the a shot of
the skateboard as we close?
>> Oh, yeah. This is one of our great
pieces of merch. Just got held in
customs, showed up on the last day. Um,
yeah, I love these.
>> Eat Denver 2027, here we come.
>> Yeah.